## Accurate-User-Database-and-Training-Resource-Optimization

One of the Accentures Federal clients has a global supply chain and the system that they maintain for client tracks the procurement, distribution, maintenance, and retirement of their assets. The system contains more than 10 years of data. Every user in their system is assigned different roles based on the functions that they need to perform. The goal of this project is to Create a dashboard that can be broken down by location that gives a list of the users that need training and the training area sorted by urgency. 


I classified people as clients who are to be granted a loan, and the ones who the business would not lend to. This highlights the reliability or credibility of an applicant for repayment of the loan and whether they can pay.

The problem in particular strikes as challenging to solve since this business works in an unusual scenario where loans are to be granted to people that other banks would normally not consider, given the low to zero credit score. Since their business model is focused upon granting loans to individuals that other banks would demonstrably refuse, they are at a significantly higher financial risk. As a result, the business would save by mitigating at-risk clients while yielding profits by making use of the methods on the dataset to solve the issue at the highest possible accuracy, comparatively more than they would gain without using the models. Next, the data was cleaned and pre-processed in ways that made it suitable for use in various modeling approaches.

I tuned two types of classification models using either all predictors or a subset of the data that had near-zero variance and highly correlated predictors removed. This phase included using the predictive clustering models like K-means and logistic regression analysis, and classification models such as decision trees, Naïve Bayes Gaussian NB and Logistic Regression to classify the population in no risk categories and at risk categories considering data of each individual such as low credit score, family income as variables of the model, credit card balance, previous applications. I also used H2O Generalized Linear Estimator for achieving the best accuracy for the last model.
